CodePush pricing (#2836)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/billing/pricing.md

description: An overview of Codemagic pricing
weight: 2
---

{{<notebox>}}

> Over-the-air (OTA) updates (CodePush) for React Native projects is **$99/month per team** with the Pay-as-you-go plan and it is free for the annual plans. If a dedicated CodePush server is required, it is $6k/year. [Contact us](https://codemagic.io/contact/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CodePush (Over-the-Air updates) for React Native projects is priced as follows: 

- **Free** for annual plans and Enterprise plan customers.
- **$99/month per team** for  Pay-as-you-go plan customers.
- **$6k/year** for a dedicated, standalone CodePush instance.

[Contact us](https://codemagic.io/contact/) for more information.
```

Author: done
